Please describe in detail, in your own words, exactly what is meant by form validation. Is it done on the client-side, server-side, or both? Use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.

Please describe in detail, in your own words, the purpose of defensive programming. How can it help us with form validation? Give an example of a defensive programming technique that we are using on a form. You do not need to use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.

Please describe in detail, in your own words, the exact process by which a coder may remove default values from <select> elements on a form. What is the main reason for which we would want to do this? You do not need to use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.

Please describe in detail, in your own words, exactly what the createDocumentFragment() method does. What is the purpose for which we use it? Use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.

Please describe in detail, in your own words, exactly what the property is that we may use to change the status of a check box. Please explain exactly how that change would be accomplished in code. You do not need to use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.

Please describe in detail, in your own words, the methods of the document object that we may use to retrieve a single element from the DOM based on its CSS selector. How would we retrieve an array of elements from the DOM based on a CSS selector? You do not need to use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.

Please describe in detail, in your own words, the process that we may use to prevent a form from submitting to its action target until we permit it to. Describe in detail how you would inform the user that there are problems with the form. You do not need to use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.

Please describe in detail, in your own words, the process that we may use to manually submit a form that has had its automatic submission turned off. What actions might you need to take to clean up the state of the user's page? You do not need to use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.

Please describe in detail, in your own words, the process that we may use to validate whether a group of required fields has data in them. Include any action you may take to inform the user of the error situation. You do not need to use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.

Please describe in detail, in your own words, the process that we may use to validate whether a group of required <select> fields has data in them. Include any action you may take to inform the user of the error situation. You do not need to use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.

Please describe in detail, in your own words, the process that we may use to validate whether a group of required option button fields has data in them. Include any action you may take to inform the user of the error situation. You do not need to use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.

Please describe in detail, in your own words, what would be a good technique to use for user name and password entry when creating a form which includes an account registration. You do not need to use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.

Please list at least 5 important take-aways that you have gotten from this unit on Form Enhancement and Validation. Please give a short explanation of each item. You do not need to use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.

