Research Reactjs.org and use it to describe what is meant by React being a component-based architecture. You may use an outside link as a resource. You may quote it to help with this. However, explanations MUST be in your own words to receive a grade for content. Anything from the source must be correctly marked with quotes and cited.

Describe in depth what is meant by the virtual DOM in React. What is it used for and what are its advantages? You may use an outside link as a resource. You may quote it to help with this. However, explanations MUST be in your own words to receive a grade for content. Anything from the source must be correctly marked with quotes and cited.

Describe in depth what is meant by JSX. What does it allow us to do with our JavaScript and what are its advantages? You may use an outside link as a resource. You may quote it to help with this. However, explanations MUST be in your own words to receive a grade for content. Anything from the source must be correctly marked with quotes and cited.

Describe in depth the steps necessary to create a React component. What are its advantages? You may use an outside link as a resource. You may quote it to help with this. However, explanations MUST be in your own words to receive a grade for content. Anything from the source must be correctly marked with quotes and cited.

Describe in depth what is meant by props validation. What is it used for? What are the steps to implement it? You may use an outside link as a resource. You may quote it to help with this. However, explanations MUST be in your own words to receive a grade for content. Anything from the source must be correctly marked with quotes and cited.

Describe in depth what is meant by component composability in React. What is it used for? What are its structural aspects? You may use an outside link as a resource. You may quote it to help with this. However, explanations MUST be in your own words to receive a grade for content. Anything from the source must be correctly marked with quotes and cited.